#summary How this application came to be.

= History =

Once upon a time, there was a programmer. He regularly thought up projects in PHP and MySQL which would force him to familiarize himself with all the ins and outs he thought existed. Boy, was he in for a surprise... At work, he programmed in C# (.NET framework), strictly [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming Object Oriented] - could this be done in PHP, also?

After about two weeks of thinking it over, he needed a subject on which to base his new project. After searching the internet for an existing application, and finding none, he decided [http://code.google.com/p/candydolldb/ CandyDollDB] had to be built. The preset goal would be to comfortably manage a vast collection of images and videos through a web-interface.

Of course, collecting the actual content is as much fun as programming the interface: Browsing usenet, forums and the official [http://www.candydoll.tv/ CandyDoll]-site for that latest (or lost) bit of info about models, sets or collections.

Then finally, one sunny sunday morning, the programmer thought of Google Code. He decided he would start a project for his application. This was (and is) a completely new learning-curve. How does one write comprehensible documentation? How does one anticipate the users' needs and wants? Are there actually any people out there who would benefit from this application?

I hope, the answer to that last question is YES. The fact that you are reading this page right now is proof of just that. :-)

Please enjoy CandyDollDB and your CandyDoll-collection, see you soon.
<br>
<br>
<br>
_*FWieP*_
<br>_main developer CandyDollDB_